Nicholas?
Mr. Curtis we're back again.
We needed the
man she told you about.
Is turning.
What was wrong with him?
Come,
The order was forgetful during the cheer trophies.
Today people decorate flowers on New Year's day.
The patterns are red, white.
The great grandparents and parents make their tree at home.
Poor children.
We gave them all of these dolls.
Let's become a great woman when we grow up
New Year's Eve, the Christmas decorations are all over
The new clothes for Taro-san who has become a dog
New necklaces for dogs
We will be very kind to our parents, grandparents, and mothers
We will give a good lesson to the poor children of the poor
Let's become a great woman when we grow up